+++
title = "Duke"
date = 2018-07-16T14:42:22-05:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-09-26T12:00:00-06:00
# time_end = 2018-07-16T14:42:22-05:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In the absence of explicit regularization, Kernel ''Ridgeless'' Regression with nonlinear kernels has the potential to fit the training data perfectly. It has been observed empirically, however, that such interpolated solutions can still generalize well on test data. We isolate a phenomenon of implicit regularization for minimum-norm interpolated solutions which is due to a combination of high dimensionality of the input data, curvature of the kernel function, and favorable geometric properties of the data such as an eigenvalue decay of the empirical covariance and kernel matrices. In addition to deriving a data-dependent upper bound on the out-of-sample error, we present experimental evidence suggesting that the phenomenon occurs in the MNIST dataset."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Decision sciences seminar at Fuqua School of Business"
event_url = ""

# Location of event.
location = ""

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["Decision Science"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
